Update direct-routing-sbc-multiple-tenants.md (#2463)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/direct-routing-sbc-multiple-tenants.md

### Create a trunk and provision users

With the initial release of Direct Routing, Microsoft required a trunk to be added to each served tenant (customer tenant) using New-CSOnlinePSTNGateway.

> However, this has proved to be not optimal for two reasons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, this has not proved optimal for two reasons:
```

•	Carriers only need to set up and manage a single trunk  (carrier trunk in the carrier domain), using the Set-CSOnlinePSTNGateway command. In the example above it is adatum.biz;
•	In the customer tenant, the carrier need only to add the derived trunk FQDN to the voice routing policies of the users. There is no need to run New-CSOnlinePSTNGateway for a trunk.
•	 The derived trunk, as the name suggests, inherits or derives all the configuration parameters from the carrier trunk. 
Examples:
•	Customers.adatum.biz – the carrier trunk which needs to be created in the carrier tenant.
•	Sbc1.customers.adatum.biz – the derived trunk in a customer tenant that does not need to be created in PowerShell.  You can simply add the name of the derived trunk in the customer tenant in the online voice routing policy without creating it.

•	Any changes made on a carrier trunk (on carrier tenant) is automatically applied to derived trunks. For example, carriers can change an SIP port on the carrier trunk, and this change applies to all derived trunks. New logic to configure the trunks simplifies the management as you don’t need to go to every tenant and change the parameter on every trunk.

> •	The options are sent only to the carrier trunk FQDN. The health status of the carrier trunk is applied to all derived trunks and is used for routing decisions. To find out more about Direct Routing options, refer to [Monitor and troubleshoot Direct Routing] https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/direct-routing-monitor-and-troubleshoot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
•	The options are sent only to the carrier trunk FQDN. The health status of the carrier trunk is applied to all derived trunks and is used for routing decisions. Find out more about [Direct Routing options](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/direct-routing-monitor-and-troubleshoot).
```

> •	The carrier can drain the carrier trunk, in which case all derived trunks will be drained as well. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
•	The carrier can drain the carrier trunk, and all derived trunks will be drained as well. 
```

### Create a trunk and provision users

> With the initial release of the Direct Routing, Microsoft required to add a trunk to each served tenant (customer tenant) using New-CSOnlinePSTNGateway.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the initial release of Direct Routing, Microsoft required a trunk to be added to each served tenant (customer tenant) using New-CSOnlinePSTNGateway.
```

> However, this showed as not being optimal for two reasons:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, this proved to be not being optimal for two reasons:
```

> • Management overhead. For example, offloading or draining an SBC, changing some parameters, like enabling or disabling media bypass, changing the port required changing parameters in multiple tenants (by running Set-CSonlinePSTNGateway), but in fact, it is the same SBC; 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
• **Overhead management**. Offloading or draining an SBC, for example, changes some parameters, like enabling or disabling media bypass. Changing the port requires changing parameters in multiple tenants (by running Set-CSonlinePSTNGateway), but it is in fact the same SBC; 
```

> • Processing overhead. Gathering and monitoring trunk health data - SIP Options collected from multiple logical trunks but in reality, it is the same SBC and the same physical trunk, which slows down processing of the data for routing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
• **Overhead processing**. Gathering and monitoring trunk health data - SIP options collected from multiple logical trunks that are, in reality, the same SBC and the same physical trunk, slows down processing of the routing data.
```

> Based on this feedback, Microsoft is bringing a new logic to provision the trunks for the customer tenants.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Based on this feedback, Microsoft is bringing in a new logic to provision the trunks for the customer tenants.
```

> Two new entities introduced:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Two new entities introduced:
```
```suggestion
Two new entities are introduced:
```

> Two new entities introduced:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Two new entities are introduced:
```

> •	Carrier trunk registered in carrier tenant, using the command New-CSOnlinePSTNGateway, for example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
•	Carrier trunk registered in the carrier tenant using the command New-CSOnlinePSTNGateway, for example New-CSOnlinePSTNGateway -FQDN customers.adatum.biz -SIPSignallingport 5068 -ForwardPAI $true.
```

> New-CSOnlinePSTNGateway -FQDN customers.adatum.biz -SIPSignallingport 5068 -ForwardPAI $true

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> •	Derived trunk does not require registration. It is simple a desired host name added in from of the carrier trunk. It derives all configuration parameters from the carrier trunk. The derived trunk doesn't need to be created in PowerShell, the association with the carrier trunk based on the FQDN name (see details below);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
•	Derived trunk, which does not require registration. It is simply a desired host name added in from of the carrier trunk. It derives all its configuration parameters from the carrier trunk. The derived trunk doesn't need to be created in PowerShell, and the association with the carrier trunk is based on the FQDN name (see details below).
```

Provisioning logic and example.

> •	Carriers only need to set up and manage a single trunk  (carrier trunk in the carrier domain), using Set-CSOnlinePSTNGateway command. In the example above it is adatum.biz;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
•	Carriers only need to set up and manage a single trunk  (carrier trunk in the carrier domain), using the Set-CSOnlinePSTNGateway command. In the example above it is adatum.biz;
```

> •	In customer tenant, the carrier need only to add the derived trunk FQDN to voice routing policies of the users. There is no need to run New-CSOnlinePSTNGateway for a trunk.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
•	In customer tenant, the carrier need only to add the derived trunk FQDN to voice routing policies of the users. There is no need to run New-CSOnlinePSTNGateway for a trunk.
```
```suggestion
•	In the customer tenant, the carrier need only to add the derived trunk FQDN to the voice routing policies of the users. There is no need to run New-CSOnlinePSTNGateway for a trunk.
```

> •	 The derived trunk as the name suggests inherits or derives all the configuration parameters from the carrier trunk. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
•	 The derived trunk, as the name suggests, inherits or derives all the configuration parameters from the carrier trunk. 
```

Examples:

> •	Customers.adatum.biz – carrier trunk which needs to be created in the carrier tenant

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
•	Customers.adatum.biz – the carrier trunk which needs to be created in the carrier tenant.
```

> •	Sbc1.customers.adatum.biz – derived trunk in a customer tenant, that don’t need to be created i PowerShell.  You can simply add in Online Voice Routing Policy the name of derived trunk in the customer tenant without creating it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
•	Sbc1.customers.adatum.biz – the derived trunk in a customer tenant that does not need to be created in PowerShell.  You can simply add the name of the derived trunk in the customer tenant in the online voice routing policy without creating it.
```

> •	All changes made on carrier trunk (on carrier tenant) automatically applied on derived trunks. For example, carriers can change a SIP port on the carrier trunk, and this change applies to all derived trunks. New logic to configure the trunks simplifies the management as you don’t need to go to every tenant and change the parameter on every trunk;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
•	Any changes made on a carrier trunk (on carrier tenant) is automatically applied to derived trunks. For example, carriers can change an SIP port on the carrier trunk, and this change applies to all derived trunks. New logic to configure the trunks simplifies the management as you don’t need to go to every tenant and change the parameter on every trunk.
```

> •	The Options sent only to carrier trunk FQDN. The health status of the carrier trunk applied to all derived trunks. Note the health status is used for routing decisions, you can read about how Direct Routing uses Options here https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/direct-routing-monitor-and-troubleshoot

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
•	The options are sent only to the carrier trunk FQDN. The health status of the carrier trunk is applied to all derived trunks and is used for routing decisions. To find out more about Direct Routing options, refer to [Monitor and troubleshoot Direct Routing] https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/direct-routing-monitor-and-troubleshoot.
```

> •	Carrier can drain the carrier trunk; all derived trunks will be drained as well. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
•	The carrier can drain the carrier trunk, in which case all derived trunks will be drained as well. 
```

> Migration from the previous model to the Carrier Trunk

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Migration from the previous model to the carrier trunk
```

> For migration from the current implementation of the carrier hosted model to the new model, the carriers will need to reconfigure the trunks for customers. Remove the trunks from customer tenants, using Remove-CSOnluinePSTNGateway (leaving the trunk in the carrier tenant).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For migration from the current implementation of the carrier hosted model to the new model, the carriers will need to reconfigure the trunks for customer tenants. Remove the trunks from the customer tenants using Remove-CSOnluinePSTNGateway (leaving the trunk in the carrier tenant).
```

> We highly encourage migrating to the new solution as soon as possible as we will be enhancing the monitoring and provisioning using the carrier and derived trunk model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We highly encourage migrating to the new solution as soon as possible as we will be enhancing monitoring and provisioning using the carrier and derived trunk model.
```
